Add description about make_book_txt: TRUE (#36)
jhudsl/ottrproject.org: getting_started.Rmd

- Click `New repository secret`/`New organization secret` button.
- Under `Name` you must use `GH_PAT`.

> - For `Secret`: Create a personal access token [following these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For `Secret`: Create a personal access token [following these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-token) to create a "Classic" token (and not a "Fine-grained token").
```

Reviewer: now that there is another type... for the next line to make sense we need to add this

Reviewer: btw @cansavvy we only had people do repo for ottr web ... does it need to be workflow too for that?

Author: I think (but am not 100% sure that only repo is needed). We should verify this.

- Underneath `Select scopes`, check both `repo` and `workflow`.

> - Then copy the PAT and save as the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then copy the personal access token and save as a secret in the repository that you made from our template.
```

Reviewer: @cansavvy does it need to be called GH_PAT or is anything else ok?

Author: At this point it isn't called GH_PAT, but I agree calling it PAT may be confusing. We should probably just spell out that it is a personal access token.
